index.md, before:

---
title: "Hi, I'm Mahim!"
layout: "single"
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
author_profile: true
author: Mahim Nalluri
---
Welcome. I do software engineering, photo and video projects. And hopefully more in the future.
Scrolling further will give you a digital CV.

## Quick Links


## What I'm Working On


## About Me

<!--
## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/CalebCurry/site/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/CalebCurry/site/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out. -->

Commit message:

First version
The official first version of the site - a launchpad to other places like LinkedIn and my portfolio

index.md, after:

---
title: "Hi, I'm Mahim!"
layout: "single"
toc: true
toc_label: "Welcome!"
toc_sticky: true
author_profile: true
author: Mahim Nalluri
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/header.jpeg
---
Welcome. This site is currently just a launchpad to other places.

## Quick Links

My [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mahimnal/) will usually have the latest updates when it comes to any professional pursuits and my career.

This [Portfolio](https://mahim.myportfolio.com/) contains my photography and video projects and will be updated with some prior and nearly all future projects. I do have an [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/mahim.jpeg/), but it's not as much of a priority as the portfolio.

## What I'm Working On

I'm focusing on further establishing myself as a software engineer, while honing my craft with photo and video works.

With **software engineering**, my main strength lies in the ability to pinpoint problems regardless of the tool or language. Much of my experience is specifically in JavaScript and .NET, with a focus on front-end UI and APIs. This includes designing complex components in Angular, building scalable web APIs with .NET and troubleshooting/maintaining said components and APIs.

With **photography and videography**, I'm mainly driven to get a little better with everything I do, and take projects that excite or inspire me. I don't have a formal business at the moment, but I will occasionally take clients. I'm more experienced with taking photos then videos currently, and I consider myself relatively proficient with the core Adobe suite (Photoshop, Lightroom, Premiere).

## About & Contact

Beyond engineering and creative media pursuits, I'm continually trying to live in the image of **Christ**. I enjoy good stories, breaking complex topics down into simple pieces for others and pushing my limits (literally) with long-distance running.

The best way to contact me professionally will always be **LinkedIn**. If you're a client interested in photos or videos, or looking to collaborate on a creative project, you can reach me via the **Contact page on my Portfolio** or at my aforementioned **Instagram**.

<!--
## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/CalebCurry/site/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/CalebCurry/site/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out. -->
